Come on, football! Go! Go!
Come on! Play football!
So you're mining stuff to craft with and crafting stuff to mine with?
Uh-huh.
Did your dad write this game?
Me.
You're the one who needed my help!
You can't force me to!
No, I'm just kidding!
Why did we take a sport care state same as you?
Well, I think that's a good solution.
All right, all right.
Mr. President?
It's about time, gentlemen.
Rick, do you need to drink in here?
Yes.
Here's the adventure.
Some kind of alien Guga has infested the Kennedy sex tunnels.
I wanted to know what you were thinking.
Kennedy sex tunnels?
Naturally, you'll forget you saw them.
Along with, in order of national embarrassment,
the Truman Cocaine Lounge, the McKinley Hooker Dump
and the Lincoln Slave Coliseum,
he didn't free them all.
And let me know when you're done.
Maybe then we could get a selfie?
Too busy, Morty.
Now tell me about this summit.
Is it a peaceful or a regular one?
Ugh, this sucks.
God, tell me about it.
Oh, man, if you're not into it...
What do you mean?
Why would I be into it?
It's lame!
You're into lame stuff, Morty.
I thought young dumb people considered it an honor
to work for presidents or whatever the shit.
Maybe the first few times, but this just sucks.
He treats us like ghostbusters.
We should talk to him.
Yeah, that sounds fun.
Let's set some boundaries with a spoiled control freak
that thinks he runs the world and orders drone strikes
to cope with his insecurity.
It's either that or more of this.
Third choice?
You mind-craft.
You like it now?
Gotta be honest, Morty.
It's grown on me.
Notify the president.
What do I tell him?
Tell him the truth.
Tell him Rick and Morty just blew off America.
You can use that wood to make a chest.
Oh, good, then I could store all this wood all
I'll need later for chest making.
Okay, you're not gonna have fun if you analyze everything.
This is what they'd rather do.
It's all in their transcript.
Treats us like ghostbusters.
So ghostbusters aren't cool now?
That'll recall some of the stuff that's been done
in the past.
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
Ghostbusters aren't cool now?
That'll recall something that built.
Control freak, orders drone strikes to cope with...
Insecurity.
Should we drone strike them?
That would prove them right.
And blow him up.
Give me the phone.
This game popular with autistic people.
Why would you say something like that?
Because I'm starting to love it.
Failure to answer is a felony offense.
Play it cool.
As far as he knows, we're still in the tunnels.
When should we reveal we can see them?
We're holding all the cars right now.
Don't show any before the time is right.
Awesome.
Yellow.
Hi guys, US President calling.
How's it going?
Oh hey, just hard at work on this sex tunnel gagu.
I think it's kind of our new arch nemesis.
It might take a while.
What do you think, Morty, a month?
Fingers crossed a month, yeah.
You lying dicks.
I see your ass is playing Minecraft.
I got you on satellite.
That's right.
What do you have to say for yourselves?
Okay, obviously this looks bad, Mr. President.
I mean, what doesn't look bad through an illegal spy satellite?
Don't high road me.
The two of you break a thousand federal laws a day.
Oh, really?
That's pretty cool.
And yes, yes, yes, yes, you save the world now and then.
America returns that favor by not holding the two of you accountable to its laws.
Oh!
Oh, God, we didn't know you thought that way.
Well, it's nobody's fault.
We never had the talk, so to speak.
Yeah, I mean, the way we see it, when we show up, that's the favor to you.
Especially, you know, when it turns out you wanted someone to come over just because you found an X-Files monster in your basement.
That's for the reason you've never, like, arrested us.
We assumed you just knew that it was impossible.
Like, if you tried, you know, it wouldn't go well.
Wouldn't go well?
Can you elaborate?
I think one of your thousand laws says no, I can't elaborate.
Just trust me, none of us want to go there.
Which we'll never have to.
By the way, we'll keep on saving the Earth, you know.
We're happy to do that.
Yeah, but not because it contains America.
Because moving to a new version of Earth is a bitch and a half.
But feel free to call us, you know, as like friends.
Yeah, like, if you ever want to take a selfie.
So, are we cool?
Yes. Thank you, gentlemen.
I told you, man.
I'm impressed, Morty. That went really well.
I told you, Scott, I'm impressed.
Everybody, get a hold of yourselves.
Sir, what is our new Rick and Morty policy?
Our policy is we never needed them and never will again.
Today, we celebrate our independence from Rick and Morty.
Everyone out.
How can I move on from your love?
All this freaking clothes, Mark, is closed sale.
Come on down and close it.
I just put it on for fun. I know I can't buy it.
Oh, come on. You look great.
You're only young once.
Just promise if the results are too strong, you'll use protection.
Really? Thanks.
When did you get rad?
I don't know.
Maybe I adjusted to the divorce and everything's new.
I'll say.
I couldn't stand you for more than an hour at a time before.
No offense. I like it. It's great.
You're like a different person.
Yeah. Different person.
How do you like that, Morty?
Whoa, just like Minecraft.
Oh, a tiny nuclear capable species just got discovered in the Amazon.
Let's go make first contact before someone else gets all their shit.
What about this?
South Park did it four years ago, Morty.
They're fast.
Or we're slow.
What's going on, guys?
The casualties would be in the Brazilians.
Because you're Brazilian?
It's a threat and a pun. Nobody gets me.
Oh, hello, Rick. You're here too.
I guess this is a global crisis.
Oh, God. Mr. President, Morty and I have the situation covered.
I'm sure you did. Dismissed.
Dismissed?
Yeah. Dismissed. Not needed here. You can leave and nobody will care.
Have you never heard of it?
I don't know.
You don't care? Have you never heard of it before?
Do you even know how to take out this kind of threat?
We're not taking it out.
We're going to shrink down and approach them diplomatically.
You shrink with pills?
Are you still here?
Shouldn't you be going down to your next version of Earth
with your selfie-craving Starfuckersidekick?
Whoa!
We're allowed to be here.
You weren't president of the Amazon.
Yeah, I learned about your job in school.
You're a civil servant.
We're technically your boss.
Oh, please, Morty.
You pay as many taxes as you have pubes.
We got pubes, Commander in-Quief.
You want to count them?
Commander in-Quief.
That's it. Do it.
Recognize the rare Eleventh Sanchezium?
We've been preparing for a rick-level eventuality for some time.
You mean you've been ordering other people to prepare for it
while you sat on your ass at peace summits?
Peace summits are important.
Oh, yeah, they work great.
We're really drowning in peace.
You suck.
Task Force Alpha, prepare to shrink.
Is there a Task Force Alpha health plan, by the way?
Because if those pills are based on subatomic compression,
you could get a more curable cancer just walking through the mushroom clouds.
Goddamn it, I'll do it.
Whoa.
Task Force Alpha is disbanded.
And you two aren't American anymore.
I can say that. You're expatriated.
If you step foot on homeland soil again, our theater has an invasion.
Is this supposed to be painful?
Painful to watch.
Ugh, such lame shrinking.
Ugh, his clothes stay the same size?
A 70's shrinking party of one.
Eat my shrinking desk.
There he goes.
All right, let's get out of here, Morty.
What the hell?
I made Sanchezium up, dumbasses.
Don't believe everything you read on Wikipedia.
Stand down. He's not afraid of pirates.
No, Morty! That part was true!
I can't talk now, sweetie.
When can you?
Good point.
What's up?
Remember a little while ago when you said that if I wanted,
I could like leave Earth and wander the infinite cosmos to figure out who I am
and that nobody would ever know I'd left because you could replace me with a clone?
Mm-hmm.
Am I the clone?
Sorry, what?
Am I the clone? Did the real me choose to leave and I only think I chose to stay
because that's what I need to think because I'm the replacement, Beth?
No.
Okay.
But, and one more thing.
If I were a clone, would you tell me?
Beth, you know, when smart people get happy, they stop recognizing themselves.
And you are very smart because you're very much my daughter.
Oh, God. You're right.
I'm sorry.
Thank you, Dad.
All good?
Totally. I'm fine now.
And just to be sure, you're not pretending to be convinced you're real
because you're actually convinced you're a clone.
You're now terrified that becoming self-aware would mean I'd have to terminate you.
No.
Okay, glad I could help. See you soon.
Where do I go?
What does this mean? This means nothing.
He's pulled forward and parked.
Then say that, God damn it.
Sorry.
Bad day.
Hey.
I am Presidentris of the mega-gargantuans.
We named ourselves before learning we were small.
Madam Presidentris, I'm President of America, which is basically the world,
but you didn't hear that from me.
I've come to-
I know who you are.
We've already agreed to a ceasefire with your ambassadors, Rick and Morty.
Rick and Morty were here?
Of course they were here.
They can drink instantly and teleport.
They told me to give you this.
They said it was stretched as your cancer pill wears off
and your body awkwardly enlarges at the rate of a 50s movie.
Are they pants?
They said you'd prefer just a shirt.
Apparently you have a need to swing your dick around.
Rick and Morty escaped.
Oh, shit.
Hang me to the Pentagon.
We're in war with Rick and Morty.
You'll want to make a stop at the White House.
I have pants at the Pentagon, Roddy. It's in my contract.
I mean, you need to call a press conference.
Israel and Palestine have announced a permanent ceasefire.
What?
They signed something called the Pretty Obvious If You Think About It Accord.
Apparently, an anonymous American diplomat took them to a Star Wars cantina
where they smoked perspective-enhancing alien pheromones through a laser hookah.
I still say it has to be Putin.
It was Rick and Morty, you fucking dunce!
But you're getting the credit, sir.
Your approval rating just hit 100%.
Why would Rick and Morty want that?
Because they're assholes!
I'm flattered, but it takes a whole team to achieve what we did today.
Thank you.
Well...
They haven't been back home, sir.
We've got every possible location under surveillance.
God damn it! They're right here!
They're here, God damn it!
Cobra, Cobra!
Everybody relax.
Just waiting for you in the only room you can't blow up or spy on.
So we're not changing timelines for you, but now you have everything you want
so you can forget we exist and we'll return the favor.
You couldn't say that in the text?
Well, since we won't be seeing each other again, my...
Guys, we get it. It's a code red enough.
My grandson has worked hard for you and I feel like he's earned a selfie.
Honestly, I could take it or leave it at this point.
You're taking it.
No. What kind of frat ass status move is that?
Get out of my office.
Seriously? You're that stubborn?
He's the stubborn one. I'm protecting my country.
From selfies?
From subordination to hostile powers.
Just trying to know about that deal breaker?
China doesn't piss on the White House.
Well, why would they? I'm sure it was expensive.
Get out.
Not without a selfie.
I'll arrest them.
So you have a right to refuse his order and I guarantee you're going to die if you touch me
and there's no afterlife. Everything just goes black. Don't do it.
Rick!
Okay. What was that?
Death.
What kind?
Instant.
There was no sound. He just died.
It's a terrifying thing to watch happen. It's called a deterrent.
You couldn't just knock him out?
I was knocking out a deterrent.
Everyone wants to be knocked out. Nobody wants to be dead.
You committed murder in the Oval Office. Now you can't leave.
That's fine. I said I'm not leaving without a selfie.
I don't need a selfie.
And I'm saying you aren't getting one and you aren't leaving.
So we agree.
Yes. No, we disagree.
Because you think you're getting a selfie and leaving.
Am I getting a selfie?
Never.
Then I'm never leaving.
Exactly.
See? Does anyone have a shot?
Yes. Nine people. I can show you.
But I wouldn't recommend it.
But fire.
God, you are dumb.
Get the president out of here.
Bad idea.
Wait. Why?
Because if there isn't someone in here that they're not supposed to kill,
they're going to wreck the place trying to kill me.
As long as you live, no matter where you are,
if it isn't in a selfie with him, I'll be here.
Jesus. He's not a fucking god.
You don't know what I am. You don't know what I can do.
It's cool, Rick.
Doctor, who in this motherfucker?
I could be a clone. I could be a hologram.
We could be clones controlled by robots controlled with special headsets
at the real Rick and Morty you're wearing while they're fucking your mother.
I'm going to kill you.
Then come to 312 Olive Street.
Is that for a dress?
You don't know because you're a bad son.
Put them down.
Separate fire.
How?
Damn it.
The hanky-panky.
Beth?
My dad might have cloned me and I might be the clone.
And he says I'm not, but that's what he'd say to a clone.
Typical.
You look like you to me.
What are you, an idiot?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was so rude.
I came to you for help and now I'm insulting your intelligence
and look where intelligence gets you.
Well, don't knock intelligence because right now I'd love to understand how I can help you.
I can't be in charge of that, Jerry. My mind, my ideas are all part of the variable.
The only constant is you.
You know me.
Inside and out.
Do what you have to do.
Okay. Sit down.
Now cross your legs.
That leg on top. Good.
What is this?
Senior year.
I took you on a date to the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra performing the music of Al and Sylvester in the park.
At this point in the song from Volcano, when Tommy Lee Jones and the utility workers are using cars to guide the lava into a cul-de-sac,
I realized my palms were so sweaty I would never get to hold your hand,
but I was desperate to touch you so I wiped my palm on the grass next to me,
but a Snickers rapper kind of got stuck on it so I started kind of jiggling it and whipping it without moving too much.
But she started looking over and I thought, well, this is it.
She's going to see that I'm a loser and I'll never get to touch her,
but I still have time to touch her, but my hand had Snickers on it
and the brass section was swelling because it was this scene with the guy melting in the lava
and I just thought, fuck it, lips don't sweat.
Wow.
Yeah.
I'll never forget that feeling.
You're the real thing.
Then that settles it because my memory is of hating that night.
But now reliving it, all I can feel is how lucky I am to be loved by such a simple, honest, simple man.
Simple twice?
This isn't the woman you marry, Jerry, because this woman loves you.
Well, vie de la défrance.
Okay, that was lame.
Listen, I... words... Don Cheetle.
I'm not gonna try to get the fuck out of my over.
You have to get my dick.
Give me the dick.
Submit. Submit for the selfie.
I yield. I yield. Take the selfie.
Okay, Morty, get in there and see Cheez.
Morty.
Morty, come on.
God damn it.
Rick, don't get mad.
I'm not mad.
Rick, don't get mad, but I stole your portal gun.
What the fuck, Morty?
I told you I didn't want the damn selfie 800 times.
Look, whatever the hell is going on between you and the president,
it's got nothing to do with me.
So where did you go?
I can't tell you.
Rick, did you tell my mom she might be a clone?
No, I told her she wasn't.
Well, isn't that what you'd tell a clone?
For Christ's sake.
Rick, my mom and dad are getting back together.
What? No, she's not a clone.
Well, she says it doesn't matter if she is or isn't,
because now she loves my dad and she wanted me and Summer to come home.
And we're hiding from you so you don't kill her.
If she's a clone, in a place I picked that you will never find.
So don't look for us.
Come on, bitch.
Oh, you come on, bitch. I'm out. I'm done.
I gotta... I gotta go.
So I win. Then I'm in charge and you can't leave.
You're a terrorist. You're an enemy of the state
and you kicked me in the balls ten minutes ago.
The office of the president can't coexist with a living god that won't submit to it.
I mean, besides Poseidon, but he's locked up in Area 51 already,
so that doesn't really count.
Mr. President, I'll make you a deal.
If you let me use your ghetto ass off-brand, deficit-tripling teleporter,
I can go take care of something and you'll never see me again.
Yes, deal. Invisitruples, stand down.
Yeah, yeah, I don't want to hear it.
You know I could see them this whole time, right?
Don't push it, Sanchez.
Found us!
I told you we shouldn't have gone to the same cabin as last time!
Well, we're not going anywhere. This ends now.
Dad, if you're my dad, of course you're not my dad.
You're here with a gun because I'm a clone.
I guess I have all your daughter's memories,
so I guess I was her, which makes me related to her, but I don't relate to her.
She left her family and me, which means I relate to them.
So if you kill me, fine. You're not killing her, but you're killing a real family.
And instead of doing that, will you just go away?
Aren't there like infinite timelines?
Can't you just move to one where I don't know I'm a clone and where a different,
but identical version of your authentic sociopathic, crazy bitch of a daughter
can keep making you proud by being somewhere else?
Beth, you crazy bitch, you're my daughter.
I brought this here to kill Jerry.
Oh my god!
Jesus Christ!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you win, Jerry.
You win!
No amount of genius can stop your dumb mediocre, vacuous roots from digging into everything
and everyone around you and draining them of any ability to fend you off.
Well, it couldn't have been easy for you to say that, I appreciate it.
Morty, where's my portal gun? Let's get out of here.
I'm staying here, Rick.
Are you?
Nobody gets it. Nothing you think matters matters.
This isn't special. This is happening infinite times across infinite realities.
Including this?
Yes!
Which is not to say that subjectively it wasn't funny.
Are you going to stay?
There's infinite timelines, Morty.
Why would I stay in the one where I trashed the White House, became an enemy of America,
and the lowest status character in my idiot family?
Because of the fart?
There's still some rubble over there.
I don't think you've ever understood what Secretary of the Interior means!
Mr. President, I'm Rick Sanchez, but not the one that did this.
We, Rick's, travel the infinite and switch places with each other like hermit crabs.
I think I'm fly fishing, Rick.
You can distinguish me from the Rick that you had a falling out with by my fly fishing enthusiasm
and accompanying hat.
I hope I could be of service if you ever find the planet to be in danger.
Friends?
Sounds good to me.
Kids, dinner!
I got Panda Express. Did you get sugar chicken?
That's kind of the only thing they have.
I love Panda E. Thanks, Mom.
I'm hoping to get a piece of your sugar chicken later.
Stop it.
There's your stupid hat, tiff shit.
Dad, you can't talk to Jerry that way anymore.
We're a real family now.
In many ways, things will be like season one, but more streamlined.
Now Jerry and I are happily married parents, and the idea that I was motivated by a fear of you leaving can be a shoot.
A shoot? You've never used that word.
Maybe you are a clone.
It's not like Rick would tell us.
No!
Oh, we! What a season!
Sorry I never showed up, but I got married.
I had a baby. I went back to school and got my GED.
What did you do while you were waiting?
Hopefully you didn't just fuck around and waste your life.
Oh, we! See you for season four in like a really long time.
I might even have a big white Santa Claus beard and a couple of grandkids and all that kind of stuff.
See you then!
Oh my god!
Did you get any of that?